refactor(test_utils): Refactor `test_utils` crate and add `folder` support with updated documentation (#2487)
juspay/hyperswitch: crates/test_utils/README.md

The heart of `newman`(with directory support) and `UI-tests`

## Newman

> - Make sure you that you've _**do not**_ have the newman (from the Postman team) installed but rather the `newman` fork with directory support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you that you _**do not**_ have the newman (from the Postman team) installed but rather the `newman` fork with directory support
```

- The `newman` fork can be installed by running `npm install -g 'https://github.com/knutties/newman.git#feature/newman-dir'`
- To see the features that the fork of `newman` supports, click [_**here**_](https://github.com/knutties/newman/blob/feature/newman-dir/DIR_COMMANDS.md)

## Test Utils Usage

- Add the connector credentials to the `connector_auth.toml` / `auth.toml` by creating a copy of the `sample_auth.toml` from `router/tests/connectors/sample_auth.toml`
- Export the auth file path as an environment variable:
  ```shell
  export CONNECTOR_AUTH_FILE_PATH=/path/to/auth.toml
  ```

### Supported Commands

Required fields:

- `--admin_api_key` -- Admin API Key of the environment. `test_admin` is the Admin API Key for running locally
- `--base_url` -- Base URL of the environment. `http://127.0.0.1:8080` / `http://localhost:8080` is the Base URL for running locally
- `--connector_name` -- Name of the connector that you wish to run. Example: `adyen`, `shift4`, `stripe`

Optional fields:

- `--folder` -- To run individual folders in the collection

>   - Use double quotes to mention folder. If you wish to run multiple folders, separate them with a comma (`,`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use double quotes to specify folder name. If you wish to run multiple folders, separate them with a comma (`,`)
```
